docs: 34.0.0 release notes (#18231)
apache/druid: docs/release-info/upgrade-notes.md

If you're already using this feature, you don't need to take any action. 

## 34.0.0

### Upgrade notes

#### Hadoop-based ingestion

> Hadoop-based ingestion has been deprecated since Druid 32.0. You must now opt-in to using the deprecated `index_hadoop` task type. If you don't do this, your Hadoop-based ingestion tasks will fail.
> 
> To opt-in, set `druid.indexer.task.allowHadoopTaskExecution` to `true` in your `common.runtime.properties` file.
> 
> Use [SQL-based ingestion](../multi-stage-query/index.md) instead of MapReduce or [MiddleManager-less ingestion using Kubernetes](../development/extensions-core/k8s-jobs.md) instead of YARN.
> 
> [#18239](https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/18239)

Author: ```suggestion
Hadoop-based ingestion has been deprecated since Druid 32.0 and will be removed as early as Druid 35.0.0. 

We recommend one of Druid's other supported ingestion methods, such as [SQL-based ingestion](../multi-stage-query/index.md) or [MiddleManager-less ingestion using Kubernetes](../development/extensions-core/k8s-jobs.md).

As part of this change, you must now opt-in to using the deprecated `index_hadoop` task type. If you don't do this, your Hadoop-based ingestion tasks will fail.

To opt-in, set `druid.indexer.task.allowHadoopTaskExecution` to `true` in your `common.runtime.properties` file.

[#18239](https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/18239)
```
